you have got to be kidding me
there's a huge party going on downstairs
that's my guy about that I'll tell you
what you should forget about football
because it has forgotten all about you I
need some a long time to think about our
future do not get one scratch on my car
we're receiving word now that the driver
is former Pittsburgh quarterback all
Wrecking Crew I've called in quite a few
favors to get you here welcome down
superstar you're gonna put together a
team of inmates to play against my guard
so I'm gonna do my time your time here
will be a whole lot easier if you just
participate that's gotta cost looking
forward to it play football
I'm so bad at sports they used to pick
me after the white kids looks like you
could use some help here there goes the
neighborhood
[Music]
we go straighter more distinguished like
a young Michael Jackson I love little
Mike ooh well I may not have a most
talented genes definitely happened he's
in love you this could shape up is an
epic day hot dog vendors high-powered
rifles I love the combination and the
fans do too
I want you to lose I can't do that suit
yourself
spend the next 25 years in prison
[Applause]
the guy is scared scared of you sick
degenerate convicts from now on you call
a fair game
[Music]